README.md, before:

## Repository URL: https://github.com/glo6al/challenge13-glo6al.git

## Video Walkthrough:

![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)

# E-Commerce-Back-End

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)

- [Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)

- [Usage Instructions](#usage-instructions)

- [License](#license)

- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)

- [How to Test](#how-to-test)

- [Contact](#contact)

## Description

This project is an E-Commerce Back-End that was created to help a fictitious retail company by creating the back end for their e-commerce website. The project was built using Node.js, Express, Sequelize, and MySQL.

## Installation Instructions

In order to install this project, you will need to have Node.js and MySQL installed on your machine. Once you have those dependencies installed, you can clone this repository to your machine, navigate into the cloned repository's directory, and run `npm install` to install all of the necessary dependencies for the project.

## Usage Instructions

Before starting the application, the user needs to create a .env file in the root directory of the project. This file should contain the following information:

```
DB_NAME=databaseName

DB_USER=root

DB_PASS=password
```

To start the application, run `npm start` in the terminal. The application will be running on `http://localhost:3001/`.

## How to Contribute

If you would like to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:

1. Fork this repository.

2. Create a new branch for your changes (`git checkout -b my-changes`).

3. Make the appropriate changes in the files and add them (`git add .`).

4. Commit those changes (`git commit -m "added my changes"`).

5. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-changes`).

6. Open a Pull Request against this repository.

## License

MIT

## Contact:

- GitHub: https://github.com/glo6al

- Email: towers.a@gmail.com

Commit message:

final touches, add readme and link to demo

README.md, after:

## Repository URL: https://github.com/glo6al/challenge13-glo6al.git

## Video Walkthrough: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ScJsUuN_MYu7L5I5du5mQig1l8C4BrGO/view

![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)

# E-Commerce-Back-End

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#description)

- [Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)

- [Usage Instructions](#usage-instructions)

- [Demo](#demo)

- [License](#license)

- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)

- [How to Test](#how-to-test)

- [Contact](#contact)

## Description

This project is an E-Commerce Back-End that was created to help a fictitious retail company by creating the back end for their e-commerce website. The project was built using Node.js, Express, Sequelize, and MySQL.

## Installation Instructions

In order to install this project, you will need to have Node.js and MySQL installed on your machine. Once you have those dependencies installed, you can clone this repository to your machine, navigate into the cloned repository's directory, and run `npm install` to install all of the necessary dependencies for the project.

## Usage Instructions

Before starting the application, the user needs to create a .env file in the root directory of the project. This file should contain the following information:

```
DB_NAME=databaseName

DB_USER=root

DB_PASS=password
```

To start the application, run `npm start` in the terminal. The application will be running on `http://localhost:3001/`.

## Demo

To see a demonstration of the application, visit:

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ScJsUuN_MYu7L5I5du5mQig1l8C4BrGO/view

## How to Contribute

If you would like to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:

1. Fork this repository.

2. Create a new branch for your changes (`git checkout -b my-changes`).

3. Make the appropriate changes in the files and add them (`git add .`).

4. Commit those changes (`git commit -m "added my changes"`).

5. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-changes`).

6. Open a Pull Request against this repository.

## License

MIT

## Contact:

- GitHub: https://github.com/glo6al

- Email: towers.a@gmail.com
